# Description

In order to address the lack of an intelligent and adaptive Job Recommendation Portal, the idea to make a website-Ajivika(literal meaning : career) has been presented. This website covers all the features of a career portal ranging from resume making, getting smart Job recommendations and best suggestions for courses,skill assessments with shareable certificates, a chatbot for job queries, a real job trends dashboard, personalized progress tracker. The access to jobs in smaller areas, not usually covered by other jobs portals make us unique. The use of AI/ML for job and course recommendation and use of Data analysis for dashboard makes the website totally data-driven and databases, the most crucial component. The website cover tech as well as non-tech jobs. The models would be trained periodically on latest collected data for better performance.

# Summary

The website can be deployed for a small patch of population and tested. The points of technical , financial, operational and market feasibility have been covered in the presentation. The initial cost for set-up would be required but once functional the cost can be recovered in a shorter span of time from subscription and premium features, even keeping the rates low and affordable for customers. The large amounts of data wwould be handled with strong data handling capabilities, complimenting a robust backend. The frontend will be made easy to surf for a new user. The AI/ML models would be maintained and updated timely. The social peaks of this website would be addressing smaller areas job opportunities, reducing need for commutation and hence, promoting green economy.
